1. Write a menu driven program to implement the following sparse matrices using one-dimensional
array:
  a. Diagonal Matrix
  b. Lower Triangular Matrix
  c. Upper Triangular Matrix
  d. Symmetric Matrix

2. WAP to compute br using recursion where b represents base and r represents power.

3. WAP to reverse a user entered string using recursion.

4. Perform the following Stack operations using Linked List implementation.
  a) Push
  b) Pop
  c) Clear

5. Perform the following Stack operations using Array implementation using Templates:
  a) Push
  b) Pop
  c) Clear

6. Perform the following Queue operations using Circular Array implementation (Use Templates):
  a) Enqueue
  b) Dequeue

7. Create and perform the following operations on Queues using Linked List implementation:
  a) Enqueue
  b) Dequeue

8. WAP to add two large integers using stack.

9. WAP to evaluate postfix expression using stack.

10. Implementation Linked List using templates. Include functions for insertion, deletion and search
of a number, reverse the list and concatenate two linked lists (include a function and also overload
operator +).

11. Implement Doubly Linked List using templates. Include functions for insertion, deletion and
search of a number, reverse the list.

12. Implement Circular Linked List using templates. Include functions for insertion, deletion and
search of a number, reverse the list.

13. WAP to add two polynomials using linked list representation.

14. Write a menu driven program to implement the following operations in an ordered linked list:
  a) Insertion
  b) Deletion
  c) Merging

15. Write a menu driven program to implement the following operations in a Binary Search Tree:
  a) Insertion
  b) Deletion by copying
  c) Deletion by Merging
  d) Search a no. Merging
  e) Search a no. in BST
  f) Display its preorder, postorder and inorder traversals
  g) Display its level-by-level traversals
  h) Count the non-leaf nodes and leaf nodes
  i) Display height of tree
  j) Create a mirror image of tree

16. Write a menu driven program to implement the following sorting and searching algorithms:
  a) Bubble Sort
  b) Insertion
  c) Selection
  d) Merge Sort
  e) Quick Sort
  f) Linear Search
  g) Binary Search
